Python Developers

Sutherland is seeking a reliable and detail-oriented person to join us as Python Developers. We are a group of driven and hard-working individuals. If you are looking to build a fulfilling career and are confident you have the skills and experience to help us succeed, we want to work with you!

Our Python Developers Get To

Effective: Write effective, scalable code.

Responsible: To Develop back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance. Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions.

Technical Skills: To Integrate user-facing elements into applications. Test and debug programs. Improve functionality of existing systems. Implement security and data protection solutions.

Proactive: Assess and prioritize feature requests.

Qualifications

Our most successful candidates have:

    Minimum 2 to 5 years’ experience working in Python.
    Worked on image processing.
    Good knowledge on ML & deep learning concepts
    Working experience on ML & Tensorflow
    Expert in Python, with knowledge of at least one Python web framework such as Django, Flask, etc. depending on your technology stack
    Able to integrate multiple data sources and databases into one system
    Understanding of the threading limitations of Python, and multi-process architecture
    Basic understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3
    Understanding of accessibility and security compliance depending on the specific project
    Knowledge of user authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments
    Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application
    Familiarity with event-driven programming in Python
    Understanding of the differences between multiple delivery platforms, such as mobile vs desktop, and optimizing output to match the specific platform
    Able to create database schemas that represent and support business processes
    Strong unit test and debugging skills
    Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git, Mercurial or SVN
    Make sure to mention other frameworks, libraries, or any other technology related to your development stack
    Skill in MS SQL Server.
    Strong in RDBMS.
    Experience in working with No SQL DB/MongoDB is preferable.
    Building server-side logic that powers our APIs, in effect deploying machine learning models in a production system that can scale to billions of API calls.
    Agile Scrum & TFS knowledge is preferable to have.
    Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers with server-side logic.
    Implementation of security and data protection.

